 Okay, so now I will briefly also touch upon the other
 features that we're working very
 hard for the coming months.
 First of all, test automation.
 We are working on detecting certain function executions in
 the backend so that you can
 automatically choose which executions could be tests and
 then you can automatically test
 them.
 We already have a user interface for that but it's still
 very experimental so it's not
 ready yet.
 The second thing is which is kind of related, this
 execution monitoring so you can see all
 your functions that are executed on the backend and you can
 monitor the executions.
 Also there is going to be which is one of the most
 important things actually.
 There's going to be a monetization layer on top of type
 repo out of the box which means
 that for startups it's very easy to monetize anything you
 create.
 That's going to really, really shorten your time to market
 because you don't have to
 build your own integration with something like Stripe
 because you just have to provide
 your token and then you can from the type repo user
 interface create your own settings
 for payments for different things.
 That's something I'm very excited about but it's going to
 take a couple months at least.
 Then the most important that we still didn't finish yet is
 the authentication and authorization
 layer.
 That's something that really needs to be there in my
 opinion and it will help you to when
 you start a new project to immediately have login, sign up,
 two factor authentication,
 authorization, groups, roles, everything you want in a
 regular platform out of the box
 so that you don't have to reinvent the wheel.
 Last but not least, we want to make it very easy for
 developers, for code creators to
 earn money with their code that they make.
 We're going to build a code marketplace where you can
 create your own code and share it not
 only open source but also earn money with the code.
 There are going to be multiple business models coupled to
 it so you can for example earn
 for a one-time fee when people buy your source or maybe you
 want to earn money by paying
 for execution.
 These things are something we're working on right now.
 These are some insights on the things we're still working
 on and in the coming months,
 these things will be added to type repo.
 Hope you like it.
 Let me know what you think and see you in the community.
